coleman welcomes saha class seamus coleman is hoping louis sahas goal rush will continue with the french stri
zigic starting to settle nikola zigic hopes he has finally got to grips with life in the premier league followi
diaby aiming to emulate vieira abou diaby admits he is hoping to follow in the footsteps of patrick vieira for
hughton in baggies frame skysportscom understands that chris hughton is one of the leading candidates for the
carra waits on torres impact jamie carragher claims liverpool will have to play the waiting game to see whether
fergie marvels at roo strike sir alex ferguson could not think of a better goal to have been scored at old traf
larsson focused on football sebastian larsson is keen to put a strange january behind him and help birmingham
cech rues reds error petr cech held his hands up for his role in chelseas latest slipup in the premier league
reid hammers are united winston reid insists the west ham squad remain fully behind avram grant in the clubs
best ill fill carroll void leon best is confident he can fill andy carrolls shoes at newcastle after scorin
jones set for quick rovers return blackburn defender phil jones could return to firstteam action in march afte
villa supports torres choice david villa is convinced international teammate fernando torres made the right de
mucha considering his options slovakian goalkeeper jan mucha is set to discuss his future at everton with manag
taylor targets toon comeback steven taylor insists newcastles comeback against arsenal has made him even more
davies we can push on kevin davies is hoping bolton can push on with a stronger squad for the remainder of th
henry praises kenny influence john henry has admitted that kenny dalglishs impact as manager of liverpool is t
rooney revels in best goal wayne rooney admitted his matchwinning strike against man city was the greatest g
skrtel reveals injury concern martin skrtel has revealed he had to take an injection to complete liverpools we
bruce backs muntari to shine sunderland manager steve bruce has backed onloan midfielder sulley muntari to bec
torres attack will click fernando torres fully expects chelseas dream attack to slot together and drive the
malouda eyes brazil swansong florent malouda has revealed that he is interested in finishing his playing career
pardew quashes henry talk newcastle manager alan pardew has played down reports he made an audacious attempt to
wilshere escapes fa action the fa has decided not to take any action against jack wilshere following his critic
brady blasts spurs plans west ham vicechairman karren brady has slammed tottenhams plans to demolish the olym
tevez committed to city carlos tevez has reaffirmed his commitment to manchester city by saying i dont think
firm to appeal rooney 43m claim wayne rooneys former management firm proactive wins permission to appeal aga
eardley adam will get move neal eardley fully expects charlie adam to fulfil his dream of playing for one of
teenager claims chelsea move swedish starlet anjur osmanovic has claimed he has signed a threeyear contract wi
city chance for swp shaun wrightphillips has been offered the chance to step into adam johnsons vacated role
vieira shocked by gunners fall former arsenal midfielder has admitted he was surprised at the gunners collap
berra seeks consistency christophe berra has challenged wolves to reproduce their man utd heroics against strug
doyle expected united upset kevin doyle says he had a feeling wolves would end manchester uniteds 29match unb
england u21s draft in mceachran england under21s call up chelsea midfielder josh mceachran after a string of w
nzogbia focused on wigan wigan star charles nzogbia is fully committed to helping the club survive in the pre
milner eyes on united james milner says manchester city are in confident mood ahead of their derby clash with m
howard would not swap saha everton goalkeeper tim howard would not want to swap louis saha for any other strike
roberts worried over dogfight blackburns jason roberts has admitted he is fearful they will end up in a battle
coyle compiles referee dvd bolton manager owen coyle has compiled a dvd of what he believes are refereeing mistakes
mcclaren hails euro methods steve mcclaren believes he has witnessed vastly superior coaching methods to englan
tiote hails greatest moment cheick tiote admits scoring the equaliser against arsenal was the greatest moment
kranjcar expects bench role niko kranjcar has admitted his matchwinning cameo against bolton is unlikely to ea
arshavin wenger was stunned andrey arshavin has revealed arsenals incredible 44 draw with newcastle stunned
brady critical of tottenham plans west ham vicechairman karren brady believes it would be a corporate crime
torres will improve ancelotti chelsea boss carlo ancelotti believes 50m striker fernando torres needs time t
hughes keen to keep aj fulham boss mark hughes is keen to tie down andy johnson to a new deal at craven cottage
szczesny gutted at draw arsenal goalkeeper wojciech szczesny has apologised to the clubs fans after their draw
dalglish cools job talk kenny dalglish is remaining coy on the growing clamour for him to be handed the liverpo
murphy earns hughes praise mark hughes has hailed danny murphy as the driving force behind fulhams revival sin
players must gel quickly grant west ham boss avram grant says his teams new signings need to adjust to life
eriksen prem wont suit me denmark midfielder christian eriksen has admitted that he doesnt feel his game is
carragher hails dalglish impact jamie carragher admits the arrival of kenny dalglish as liverpool boss has help
ancelotti accepts defeat carlo ancelotti admits chelsea were well below their best against a determined liverpo
kenny coy on topfour talk kenny dalglish is refusing to get carried away by liverpools fine form even if the
saha lets move upwards rejuvenated striker louis saha is willing to shoulder his share of the blame for ever
sunday football as it happened liverpool earn a narrow win over chelsea on a busy sunday of football following
holloway eyes on vaughan deal blackpool boss ian holloway admits that keeping midfielder david vaughan is one o
liverpool ruin torres chelsea debut fernando torres first game for chelsea ends in a defeat by former club li
mcleish praises larsson alex mcleish commended sebastian larsson after birmingham city won 10 at west ham united
martinez hails wigan maturity roberto martinez has hailed the growing maturity of his wigan side after the 43
muntari pleased to return sulley muntari was pleased to make his return to the premier league at the weekend
redknapp desperate for cl tottenham manager harry redknapp admits he is desperate to qualify for the champions
zabaleta tevez has city spirit pablo zabaleta reckons teammate carlos tevez has found his spiritual home at
barton wants deal done newcastle midfielder joey barton wants to sign a new deal with the magpies as soon as possible
barton blasts stupid diaby joey barton has branded abou diabys reaction as stupid after the gunner was sen
chelsea v liverpool live fernando torres makes his chelsea debut against former employers liverpool click her
west ham 01 birmingham birmingham jump out of the premier leagues bottom three with a hugely significantly wi
huth stoke in good position robert huth believes stoke are in a good position in the table following the 32
west ham v birmingham live follow all the action from upton park via skysportscoms minutebyminute commenta
di matteo dumped by baggies west bromwich albion have relieved manager roberto di matteo of his duties followin
kenny shocked by torres decision kenny dalglish has admitted he never expected to lose fernando torres when he
west brom dismiss boss di matteo west brom manager roberto di matteo is relieved of his duties and placed on ga
ohara hints at wolves stay wolves midfielder jamie ohara has paid tribute to the club and has hinted that he
sturridge plans chelsea future daniel sturridge is confident he has a longterm future at chelsea after joining
toon keen on brazilian newcastle have made a move to land brazilian free agent ewerthon skysportscom can confirm
hammers delay obinna decision avram grant will wait until the end of the season before deciding whether to sign
fabio carroll can handle fee fabio capello has no concerns about andy carrolls ability to handle the pressur
wenger names possible successor arsene wenger has admitted that he sees dragan stojkovic as the ideal candidate
fletcher focused on title darren fletcher insists manchester uniteds focus has always been on winning the prem
ferguson proud despite first loss manchester united manager sir alex ferguson praises his team despite their 29
capello calls up defender walker aston villas onloan defender kyle walker is the surprise inclusion in fabio
mick hopes for turning point mick mccarthy hopes wolves shock win over man utd will prove a turning point as t
martinez hails complete wigan wigan boss roberto martinez salutes his sides complete performance as they m
hoillett hopes for rovers stay blackburn youngster junior hoilett hopes to remain at the club that nurtured his
fergie rues missed opportunity manchester united boss sir alex ferguson admitted his side blew a major opportun
ferdinand blow for united manchester united defender rio ferdinand faces two weeks on the sidelines after picki
ferdinand sidelined for two weeks manchester uniteds england defender rio ferdinand will be sidelined for two
wilshere fumes at ref after draw arsenal midfielder jack wilshere criticises referee phil dowd in an angry twee
moyes hails fourgoal saha everton boss david moyes describes fourgoal striker louis sahas display as unstop
coyle incensed by referee display bolton manager owen coyle fumes at referee mark clattenburgs failure to give
wolves end man utd unbeaten run frustrated manchester united fall to a first league defeat of the season as bot
hughes has sights set on top 10 fulham boss mark hughes targets a top10 finish in the premier league after a 2
saha hails team effort louis saha shifted the attention off his own personal display to praise the everton team
dempsey pleased to reach ten fulham forward clint dempsey is pleased that he has made double figures for goals
best ready to take chance newcastle striker leon best admits he is the only one to benefit from the departure o
pardew hails unbelievable day alan pardew hailed his sides unbelievable display as newcastle fought back t
kean disappointed by defeat steve kean was disappointed after blackburn slipped to a 43 derby defeat to wigan
coyle bemoans big decisions bolton boss owen coyle claims all of the big decisions went against his side in the
wilshere hits out at dowd jack wilshere has hit out at phil dowd after arsenal blew a fourgoal lead in their d
wenger focuses on positives arsene wenger was refusing to be downcast after seeing his side throw away a lead t
pastore bemoans transfer fee argentine prospect javier pastore has criticised his 100million euros valuation by
martinez proud of display roberto martinez believed wigan made their fans proud after his side beat blackburn i
hughes pleased with progress fulham boss mark hughes was pleased that his side managed to gain a point at aston villa
mccarthy lets kick on james mccarthy was delighted after notching a brace to help wigan secure a vital win o
secondhalf frustration for city manchester city coach david platt admits his side should have beaten west brom
fergie out to land his man manchester united boss sir alex ferguson has admitted he is out to land an unspecifi
grant tiredness no excuse avram grant has ordered his west ham players to banish the word tired from their
live saturday football a hotlyanticipated manchester derby between topofthetable united and thirdplaced
moyes saha will bounce back david moyes is confident striker louis saha will be back scoring goals after pick
man utd v man city live follow our minutebyminute commentary of the manchester derby at old trafford as the
gerrard embraces reds revival steven gerrard was gutted to see fernando torres leave liverpool but insists th
meireles happy with form raul meireles has expressed his delight with recent performances after emerging as liv
elokobi eyes another upset wolves defender george elokobi is hoping to land another knockout blow against arsen
reocoker set for villa talks gerard houllier has revealed he will hold talks with nigel reocoker over his fut
toure ready for derby war manchester city midfielder yaya toure is ready for war as he prepares to tackle man
massey returns to premier league sian massey will return to premier league action on saturday for the first sin
bruce unhappy with defending sunderland boss steve bruce conceded he was unhappy with his sides defending agai
scholes city need silverware paul scholes will not view man city as premier league title rivals until they ha
wenger awaits united response arsene wenger has suggested it could be difficult for man utd to bounce back from
keane facing spell out avram grant is confident west ham will be able to cope without the services of injured s
spurs trio doubtful for milan harry redknapp has admitted luka modric rafael van der vaart and luka modric are
speedy return shocks roy roy hodgson has admitted he did not expect to be back in management so soon after bein
moyes ponders toffees selection everton boss david moyes will have decisions to make at both ends of the pitch
mancini targets crucial derby win manchester city manager roberto mancini believes a win over manchester united
mcleish keeps his focus alex mcleish insists birmingham are focused firmly on topflight survival and not the c
pulis vows no letup tony pulis has urged stoke not to take their foot off the pedal as they seek to retain the
martinez eyes reds shock wigan manager roberto martinez admits it is not the best time to play liverpool but he
arsenal spanked us says mccarthy wolves boss mick mccarthy admits his side were outclassed by arsenal who won
harry fears loss of atmosphere harry redknapp feels west ham will lose their upton park atmosphere after winnin
houllier young talks on hold gerard houllier is set to stick with the plan to hold summer talks with ashley y
pardew takes nothing for granted alan pardew insists he will not relax in his bid to be successful as newcastle
mancini targets derby delight roberto mancini is targeting a psychological victory at old trafford as the title
coyle relaxed over elmander bolton boss owen coyle says it is up to striker johan elmander where he plays his f
olympic verdict delights west ham west ham coowner david gold says the endorsement of their bid to move into t
ancelotti tips luiz for the top carlo ancelotti has tipped new chelsea signing david luiz to become one of the
brady delighted with verdict west ham and newham council have expressed their delight following the decision to
wenger wolves the priority arsene wenger insists the premier league is arsenals priority ahead of their retu
ayala moves to derby in loan deal derby county sign liverpool defender daniel ayala on loan until the end of th
bale out of milan trip harry redknapp has confirmed that gareth bale is out of tuesday nights trip to ac milan
carlo writes off title hopes chelsea boss carlo ancelotti has all but conceded his sides chances of retaining
fergie swerves trap trouble sir alex ferguson has refused to be drawn on comments from giovanni trapattoni rega
hammers handed stadium keys west ham have beaten tottenham in the race to take over the olympic stadium after b
bruce slams capello claim steve bruce has hit back at suggestions that darren bents move to villa has strength
blackpool v aston villa preview followed by live coverage of saturdays game between blackpool and aston villa
